Jehovah invites each of us
to dig into his Word and draw closer to him.
That’s why we’re convinced
that Jehovah is blessing
the ongoing work
to improve our study tools.
It was in 2013, for example,
that the organization released
an exciting new tool:
JW Library®
—a digital library with the Bible,
publications, audio, and video
that goes where we go.
The Writing Committee
of the Governing Body
directs and approves updates to JW Library,
including new and improved features.
After an update,
we might not notice a new feature
or know how to take full advantage of it.
So we asked the brothers who work
with the programming of JW Library
to show us how we can make
the best use of it.
We’ve all had trouble trying to remember
a point related to a scripture
from a recent talk or our Bible reading.
Tap a Bible verse.
Create a new note.
Enter text in the note in the study pane.
Try this:
Make some notes directly in your Bible.
The next time you’re preparing a talk
or conducting a Bible study,
those explanations or illustrations
will be right at your fingertips.
While we have a note open,
let’s talk about Tags.
A good tag identifies
what the note is about
and helps you find the note again.
A tag can really be anything
that would help you find this gem
in the future.
Some like to make tags
for Family Worship topics,
illustrations they want to remember,
or reminders to dig deeper at a later time.
And you can use emojis in your notes and tags
to make them stand out.
Are you planning on getting a new device?
You don’t have to worry
about losing your notes and highlights.
Use the Backup and Restore feature
to save your notes.
You can back up to a cloud service
or email the file to yourself
and then restore it to your new device.
And if you just want to keep
your notes safe,
remember to make a backup regularly,
maybe once a week.
Some have JW Library
on more than one device.
They use one device to take notes
and then send a backup
from there to other devices.
Note that when you restore a backup
on a second device,
it will replace any notes you have there.
Thank you, brothers,
for those excellent tips
on how to get
the most from JW Library.
I know I’ll be able
to put many of them to good use.
If JW Library
is one of your study tools,
we encourage you
to become skilled with it.
While you don’t have to use
every feature of JW Library,
you can learn and practice the ones
that help you study God’s Word
and teach others.
May Jehovah continue to bless us
as we make every effort
to dig into his Word
and draw closer to him.